[TASK] Remove all references to TYPO3 v9 and below (#2430)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-CoreApi: Documentation/Testing/CoreTesting.rst

Introduction
============

This chapter is about executing TYPO3 Core tests locally and is intended to give
you a better understanding of testing within TYPO3's Core. A full Core git checkout comes with everything needed
to run tests in TYPO3.

> Core development is most likely bound to the Core `main` branch - back porting patches to older

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Core development is most likely bound to the Core `main` branch - backporting patches to older
```
